detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a sensual thriller film
called
a housemaid spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
it's another busy night in the city
streets an assortment of meats is
grilling on each side
all manners of seafood are poking out of
their tanks and young men and women
populate the several bars and lounges in
the buildings
suddenly a loud thud is heard from a
nearby block a young woman had jumped
off a building
slowly the crowd starts to gather as the
woman's body lay bleeding on the ground
an ambulance comes in but with the woman
already dead at that point they could
only retrieve her body
later that night lee yoon-yi persuades
her co-worker to drive her to the scene
where the suicide took place
there yoon yi becomes distraught upon
seeing the chalk outline of the body
the next morning an older woman named
byung sik also known as miss cho
visits yunyi she is the head housemate
of uni soon to be employer
the woman explains that she wanted to
see how yunyi lives since she wishes to
be thorough about who she's hiring
eventually yoon yi is hired as a live-in
housemate
on her first day at the job miss cho
introduces her to her new employers
first is heyra who is currently pregnant
with twins
after doing hey ra's laundry she then
meets her young daughter nami in the
afternoon
when nami returns from school yoon yi is
already at the door to greet her
making extra effort to ensure that nami
notices her
after dinner yoon yee and miss cho help
themselves to the excessive
leftovers that the family had not eaten
moments later
the father of the household hoon arrives
after a day of work
he greets you and you warmly and orders
miss cho to send up a bottle of wine
once he goes upstairs
miss cho prepares the glasses and
instructs you and you to take them to
whom
the new housemate complies then sets
down the tray on the table while the
married couple talks about uni
they mention her being a graduate of an
early childhood education degree
then comment about how she'll be good
with children that evening
when yooni goes to bed nami asks her to
leave the door partially ajar so she
wouldn't be afraid to sleep
yooni does so before smiling at nami who
sleeps in the adjacent room
the next morning yoon yee and mischo
prepare breakfast
uni takes the tray of food to hoon's
piano room where hoon is currently
playing in
while he's playing piano uni looks
wistfully at her new master
and she starts to develop a crush on him
later the family says goodbye to hoon
before
he heads off to work in the bathroom
yoonie helps hey raw in the tub as she
bathes
when evening comes yooni cleans up the
tub making sure that it's prepared for
whom once he gets home
hoon catches her in the middle of
cleaning with her skirt hitched up high
leaving him to stand there while staring
at her thighs
one day the family decides to go to the
local hot spring
and they decided to bring eunu with them
with yoon yee wearing her swimsuit
who eyes her while she goes to help nami
in the pool later that evening
hoon and hey raw are making love but hey
ross struggles with it due to her
pregnancy
they're forced to stop much to hoon's
frustration
when heyra falls asleep hoon comes
downstairs to find yunyi in her bed
half-naked
realizing that hoon is there she covers
up her body with a blanket
however hoon only tells her to be quiet
then gives her a glass of wine
he orders her to take off the blanket
and with that he starts seducing her and
touching her all over her body
the two of them end up sleeping together
unbeknownst to anyone in the house
the following day eugenie remains warm
and supportive towards the oblivious hay
raw despite her affair with her
mistress's husband
during the day yoon yee and hoon act as
if everything is normal but the two of
them continue to steal glances at one
another
that evening whom goes to visit yoon yi
in her room and they sleep together
again
however miss cho was still awake at that
hour and while she's walking about
she witnesses them in the act the
following morning miss cho watches yooni
closely
she goes to prepare breakfast and as
usual yoon yi would be taking the food
in hoon's piano room
miss joe notes that uni is wearing
makeup that morning and she watches uni
from outside the piano room
in the room hoon hands you and yee her
check while she's constantly smiling at
him and trying to look pretty
later you need goes to massage hey raw
while continuing to warmly support her
in her pregnancy
the site revolts miss cho and she's
repulsed that yoon
is so two-faced as to behave cheerfully
around hey raw like she's not screwing
her husband behind her back
after a day of work miss cho makes
conversation with yoon you while subtly
trying to pry the truth out of her
of course yoon yee casually dismisses
her questions
here miss cho shares her negative views
about working for rich people
she goes on to call the job runs which
stands for revolting
ugly nauseating and shameless eventually
miss cho reports the affair to heira's
mother me
miss joe tells her that she thinks that
uni is pregnant and that uni herself
might not know it yet
in order to confirm this me plans to
stage an accident
meanwhile yoon yi speaks with her friend
and tells her about her situation with
mr hoon this surprises her friend
and she tries to dissuade yoon yi from
working there any further
however yooni doesn't need any of her
friends advice and she continues to work
in the household
one day yoon yi is on a ladder to dust
the chandelier
while she's in the middle of this mee
walks by together with heyra and nami
mee intentionally trips so she can push
the ladder that yoon is on
she ends up dangling from the chandelier
clinging tightly to it for dear life
she tries asking mihi for help but the
woman doesn't do a thing and even goes
as far as to stop her daughter from
helping as well
yoon yi ends up falling from the second
floor and she's promptly taken to the
hospital
there she's given several tests
including a pregnancy test
me planned for this sudden hospital
visit so they could monitor if you knew
really is pregnant
back at the household mihi reveals to
hey raw that hoon and yunyi are having
an affair
hey ra is shocked and disappointed but
her mother cynically tells her that
infidelity comes with the territory of
marrying a rich man like hoon
as for hoon he's unaware of all these
events since he's recently left for a
business trip
leaving heyra and her mother to plot
against uni overall
yoon yi sustained minor injuries and
she's to spend the night in the hospital
before she is discharged uni discovers
that her pregnancy test result came out
as positive
she talks to her friend about having an
abortion and her friend insists that it
would be best for her to quit her job
whether she goes through with an
abortion or not back at the household
hey raw's ever cynical mother tells her
not to resent whom as he was born
getting everything he wanted
regardless if it was right or not she
goes on to explain that her
mother-in-law suffered because all the
men in hoon's family were just like him
but eventually she became respected by
everyone
she told her to endure it for now let
hoon sleep around
and one day she'll live like a queen
that evening
hey raw visits yoon yi's room while
holding a golf club
she intends to smash the club against
yoon yi's head while she was sleeping
but in the end she couldn't go through
with it miss joe sees this happening and
watches hey ross frustration
the following day yoonie tells miss cho
that she thinks she should quit
with her growing concern for uni safety
ms cho urges her to pack her things and
leave immediately
still yoon yee doesn't take miss cho's
advice and she ends up being confronted
by heyra
and her mother within that very day hey
ra repeatedly slaps yoon yee
and yoon yi not realizing that they know
of her affair could only bow her head
shamefully and ask for forgiveness
me he then hands her a check worth a
large sum of money demanding her to get
an abortion
if she gets the baby aborted then they
can forget about the entire thing and
move on
despite me he's insistence hey ross
suspects that yoon you won't go through
with the abortion
after all she observed that yunyu was
close to nami and she would likely never
give up her own child
meanwhile yunyi herself struggles with
whether she wants to keep the baby or
not
mischo urges her to get rid of the baby
so that she could be safe from the rich
family since they won't stop until they
get what they want
however talking with nami only
encouraged her to keep the baby
nami tells her that she saw me he push
her from the ladder and nami apologizes
to her
even saying that yoon yi is a good
person still suspecting that yunyu won't
push through with the abortion
hey raw decides to take matters into her
own hands with this in mind
she poisons the herbal medicine that
yoon yi drinks every day
eventually yoon yi decides that she
wants to keep the baby
and she reports this to mrs cho still
concerned
miss cho warns her that the people
they're working for are dangerous
uni is liable to getting hurt if she
doesn't give them what they want
while miss cho is loyal to her employers
she's still looking out for uni
hoon returns from his business trip then
goes to see hey raw in the hospital as
she's now going through labor
when the twins are delivered hoon visits
his wife in the ward
before leaving for home to get a change
of clothes hey rock kisses hoon angrily
which confuses him who returns home to
find yunni in their bathtub
outraged who asks what yunni is doing
there and she answers him with the truth
she reveals that she's pregnant with his
baby and his family is paying her to get
an abortion miss joe comes in
and yunyi tells both her and hoon that
she wants to keep the baby
suddenly yooni wails in pain as the
bathtub fills with her blood
later while she's crumpled up in pain
she tells hoon again that she wants to
keep the baby
even promising to leave them peacefully
knowing that the poison medicine might
have already given her a miscarriage
hoon agrees to keep the baby later in
his piano room
hoon confronts mehi about the events
that transpired
he demands to know if she was the one
who poisoned yoon yee
even though he doesn't want the baby in
the first place hoon remains offended
that his mother-in-law would poison his
own child
yoon yi is taken to the hospital and
there she's forced to undergo an
abortion without her consent
fully eliminating the possibility of
having the baby the only person to stay
with her during the abortion is miss cho
who's now feeling remorseful about how
things ended up uni partly blames miss
cho for what happened since she's the
one who told me
about her affair and the woman could
only apologize to her
yoon yee tells her that she wants to get
revenge somehow for what the family had
done to her
yoon yi is now back at her old apartment
with her friend
during one night her friend tells her
that it would be best to just forget
about the whole thing
inconsolable unique cries in the corner
of the bed
repeating the word runs over and over
again when yoon yi has recovered from
the abortion
ms cho helps her sneak into the house
here hoon catches yunyi breastfeeding
one of the twins
with an increasingly unstable state of
mind uni lingers around the house while
refusing to leave
the entire family gathers in the living
room me
hoon hey ra nami and the twin babies are
all there
hey ra orders miss cho to chase yunyi
out of the house but miss
cho poised and calm as ever refuses to
she quits right there on the spot
finally having had enough of the
family's immoral behavior
suddenly uni emerges from the second
floor to torment the family by slyly
talking to nami
leading the child to ask about what
happened to the baby in her tummy
to no avail miss cho tries convincing
yoon yi to abandon her plan
and just leave the place with her since
yunyu remains dedicated to seeing her
plan through
she apologizes to both nami and her twin
siblings she asked them to never forget
about her before taking a rope and
hanging herself
on the same chandelier she once clung to
the family could only watch in horror
while yoon chokes to her death
but she doesn't stop there she lights
herself on fire as the terrified family
looks on
and miss cho simply turns around to take
her leave eventually
the sprinklers start running and the
family finally leaves the house
too from outside nami stares at the
swinging and burning body of yunji
before her father ushers her to leave
with them the lasting scars from the
horror that the family was subjected to
remain
they spend nami's birthday outdoors in
the snow with everyone speaking in
english
me is sat down carrying the twins in
both arms her face unreadable as she
stares at nothing in particular
who appears overjoyed with a big smile
on his face while doting on his daughter
and opening the champagne bottle
hey ra looks drunk and detached as she
sways around while singing a slow happy
birthday song
nami looks slowly between her parents
before walking away from her unhinged
family
while her detached mother and
overzealous father each take a seat
the girl looks on in the distance
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching